Adds clarification & examples to demystify Transforms. (#4653)
ianstormtaylor/slate: docs/concepts/04-transforms.md

Slate's transform functions are designed to be very flexible, to make it possible to represent all kinds of changes you might need to make to your editor. However, that flexibility can be hard to understand at first.

Typically, you'll apply a single operation to zero or more Nodes. For example, here's how you flatten the syntax tree,
by applying `unwrapNodes` to every parent of block Elements:

```js
Transforms.unwrapNodes(editor, {
  at: [], // Path of Editor
  match: node =>
    !Editor.isEditor(node) &&
    node.children?.every(child => Editor.isBlock(editor, child)),
  mode: 'all', // also the Editor's children
})
```

Non-standard operations (or debugging/tracing which Nodes will be affected by a set of NodeOptions) may require using
`Editor.nodes` to create a JavaScript Iterator of NodeEntries and a for..of loop to act.

> Here's code to replace all image elements with their alt text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to replace all image elements with their alt text:
```
